README.md, before:

# morph-list-view

List view container component

## Getting Started

For the information about how to clone the desired repository, running the local server and testing, please refer to this [link](https://github.com/moduware/polymorph-components/blob/master/INFO.md).

## Demo

<!---

```
<custom-element-demo>
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-item/morph-list-view-item.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-title/morph-list-view-title.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-divider/morph-list-view-divider.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../iron-icons/maps-icons.html">
    <link rel="import" href="morph-list-view.html">
    <style>
      html {
        background-color: #eff0f4;
      }
    </style>
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->

```html
<morph-list-view platform="android">
  <morph-list-view-title platform="android">Android List</morph-list-view-title>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android">Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android">
    <!-- <span slot="icon"><iron-icon icon="maps:directions-bus"></iron-icon></span> -->
    Item 1
    <span slot="secondary-content">Android Version</span> 
  </morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android" href="#moduware">
    <span slot="header">Header</span>
    Item 2
    <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
  </morph-list-view-item>
</morph-list-view>

<morph-list-view platform="ios">
  <morph-list-view-title platform="ios">IOS List</morph-list-view-title>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios">Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios">
    <!-- <span slot="icon"><iron-icon icon="maps:directions-bus"></iron-icon></span> -->
    Item 1
    <span slot="secondary-content">IOS Version</span> 
  </morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios" href="#moduware">
    <span slot="header">Header</span>
    Item 2
    <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
  </morph-list-view-item>
</morph-list-view>

```

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element for IOS.

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/ios-demo.png" alt="IOS morph-list-view demo"/>
  </p>

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view platform="ios">
    <morph-list-view-title>First list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>

    <morph-list-view-divider>Divider</morph-list-view-divider>

    <morph-list-view-item>
      Item 2
      <span slot="secondary-content">Version</span> 
    </morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item href="#moduware">
      <span slot="header">Header</span>
      Item 3
      <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
    </morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>

  <morph-list-view>
    <morph-list-view-title>Second list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 4</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element for Android.

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/android-demo.png" alt="Android morph-list-view demo"/>
  </p>

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view platform="android">
    <morph-list-view-title>First list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>

    <morph-list-view-divider>Divider</morph-list-view-divider>

    <morph-list-view-item>
      Item 2
      <span slot="secondary-content">Version</span> 
    </morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item href="#moduware">
      <span slot="header">Header</span>
      Item 3
      <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
    </morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>

  <morph-list-view>
    <morph-list-view-title>Second list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 4</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

|     Custom Attribute    |   Type  | Description                                                                                   | Default        |
|:-----------------------:|:-------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
|      **`accordion`**    | Boolean | This is an option for items to expand one at a time on the same list view                     | **`false`**    |

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element with accordion option

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/list-view-accordion.gif" alt="Android morph-list-view accordion option demo"/>
  </p>

- Sample HTML markup for accordion list

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view accordion>
    <morph-list-view-title>Accordion list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable expanded>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable>Item 2</morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable>Item 3</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

Commit message:

update README getting started and put links at the bottom to make it work with webcomponents auto documentation

README.md, after:

# morph-list-view

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) [![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/PolymerElements/paper-progress)

List view container component

## Getting Started

For the information about how to clone the desired repository, running the local server and testing, please refer to Polymorph elements getting started docs at the end of this repository.

## Demo

<!---

```
<custom-element-demo>
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-item/morph-list-view-item.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-title/morph-list-view-title.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../morph-list-view-divider/morph-list-view-divider.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../iron-icons/maps-icons.html">
    <link rel="import" href="morph-list-view.html">
    <style>
      html {
        background-color: #eff0f4;
      }
    </style>
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->

```html
<morph-list-view platform="android">
  <morph-list-view-title platform="android">Android List</morph-list-view-title>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android">Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android">
    <!-- <span slot="icon"><iron-icon icon="maps:directions-bus"></iron-icon></span> -->
    Item 1
    <span slot="secondary-content">Android Version</span> 
  </morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="android" href="#moduware">
    <span slot="header">Header</span>
    Item 2
    <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
  </morph-list-view-item>
</morph-list-view>

<morph-list-view platform="ios">
  <morph-list-view-title platform="ios">IOS List</morph-list-view-title>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios">Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios">
    <!-- <span slot="icon"><iron-icon icon="maps:directions-bus"></iron-icon></span> -->
    Item 1
    <span slot="secondary-content">IOS Version</span> 
  </morph-list-view-item>
  <morph-list-view-item platform="ios" href="#moduware">
    <span slot="header">Header</span>
    Item 2
    <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
  </morph-list-view-item>
</morph-list-view>

```

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element for IOS.

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/ios-demo.png" alt="IOS morph-list-view demo"/>
  </p>

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view platform="ios">
    <morph-list-view-title>First list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>

    <morph-list-view-divider>Divider</morph-list-view-divider>

    <morph-list-view-item>
      Item 2
      <span slot="secondary-content">Version</span> 
    </morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item href="#moduware">
      <span slot="header">Header</span>
      Item 3
      <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
    </morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>

  <morph-list-view>
    <morph-list-view-title>Second list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 4</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element for Android.

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/android-demo.png" alt="Android morph-list-view demo"/>
  </p>

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view platform="android">
    <morph-list-view-title>First list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>

    <morph-list-view-divider>Divider</morph-list-view-divider>

    <morph-list-view-item>
      Item 2
      <span slot="secondary-content">Version</span> 
    </morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item href="#moduware">
      <span slot="header">Header</span>
      Item 3
      <span slot="footer">Footer</span>
    </morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>

  <morph-list-view>
    <morph-list-view-title>Second list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item>Item 4</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

|     Custom Attribute    |   Type  | Description                                                                                   | Default        |
|:-----------------------:|:-------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
|      **`accordion`**    | Boolean | This is an option for items to expand one at a time on the same list view                     | **`false`**    |

- Here is a quick demo of the morph-list-view element with accordion option

  <p align="center">
    <img src="demo-images/list-view-accordion.gif" alt="Android morph-list-view accordion option demo"/>
  </p>

- Sample HTML markup for accordion list

```html

<template>
  <morph-list-view accordion>
    <morph-list-view-title>Accordion list</morph-list-view-title>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable expanded>Item 1</morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable>Item 2</morph-list-view-item>
    <morph-list-view-item expandable>Item 3</morph-list-view-item>
  </morph-list-view>
</template>

```

## Further help

For more information on how to install and run test please go here - [Polymorph elements getting started]

[Polymorph elements getting started]: https://github.com/moduware/polymorph-components/blob/master/INFO.md
